All right boys, welcome to the monetizing part of the course.
I will pretty much be running through how the Paywall works, getting it fully
set up,
when to trigger it, and how to collect the best amount of information data you
can so
you can make better informed decisions when it comes to A/B testing, pricing,
and payables
and product, etc.
So okay, this all starts with installing this package which will be linked in
the document,
so just come to this 3.2.3 slide and copy it, go to Xcode, on the left side
right click
and click Add Package Dependencies, then paste in in the top right corner the
Superwall,
then click Add Package.
And then all you got to do is wait for this to load, make sure this is added to
the
Kali I target or whatever you called your app, and then click Add Package.
Boom, that's solid.
Then what you want to do is go to Superwall.com and make an account.
I already have an account, by the way these steps suck, I usually make around $
15,000 a
day, but I think Superwall had a bug and we lost like 30% of our revenue, which
sucks,
but it happens sometimes.
But yeah, once you're in, it should put you for an onboarding process, but you
should
get to this page eventually.
I'm going to make a brand new project.
I'm going to call this Kali I and then the app name, I'm just going to call it
Kali I.
Oh, this is not released yet.
And then com. I believe we call it mafia.cal AI.
Make sure this is accurate though, you can check this by going top left,
general, mafia
tutorial, Kali I.
Okay, make sure you copy that word for word.
Well, AI, boom, and then click create app.
We are in.
So you're going to see $0 proceeds, zero new users, et cetera.
Very, very obvious why it's zero.
I'd go to settings.
Actually, you know, go to quick start.
Make sure you check this off because you've installed the SDK, configure the
SDK.
Okay, so to configure the SDK, make sure you copy this and we'll import Super
wall kit
very soon.
What you want to do is go to Kali I underscore app or whatever you're up is
called.
Click import Superwall kits and then under struct, copy exactly what I'm doing
in it and
then in it, the Superwall configuration.
What this does is as soon as your app loads up, it initiates your API key and
links it to
Superwall.
Now it's pulling all of the payrolls you've made and allowing you to use them
on the front
end for your code, which is very crucial.
So make sure you do that after you present after reading the word after you've
set that
up, make sure you present a paywall.
So copy this example and you will understand what I mean.
So what we're going to do is we're just going to make a brand new file.
I'm going to call this paywall view.
I'm going to add a new button.
So I'm going to turn this into a B stack first and foremost.
B stack, text, paywall and then button the label of open paywall.
And then I'm going to paste in this, make sure Superwall is actually imported.
So import Superwall kit.
And now this is what Superwall is doing when I paste this in.
Anytime someone clicks the open paywall button, it's going to communicate with
the back end
and your Superwall account and then pull whatever paywall is linked to this
placement,
which is campaign trigger.
Sounds confusing.
This should work.
Okay.
So this is an example of paywall and I will go through linking a product.
So this would have a price right here.
And as soon as someone clicks continue, they are prompted to pay and once they
are paid,
they get access to the app.
And that is really simple.
So think about the pieces we have now, we have the onboarding view, which
allows someone
to answer questions and figure out why this app is good for them.
After the results have been calculated, they then presented with the paywall
view and then
they have to decide to themselves, okay, I just answered a bunch of questions.
I've learned more about myself, about my goals, about the app.
Should I pay this 20 bucks, 30 bucks, 40 bucks a year?
If the answer is yes to that question and they do end up paying, then they get
prompted
with a oh preview.
Oh shit.
Wrong slide.
Content view.
After they paid, they are presented this, this, this.
Wow.
Can you build a way to ruin my recording?
But often they are paid, they are essentially presented with the main app,
which is what
we just built and estimate in the calories and allowing you to take a photo of
your food,
et cetera.
Very simple stuff.
So those are the free, like extremely essential components and once you have
that, you can
easily go out and start selling your product, make your money for sure.
But there's some prerequisites we need to do, so let's do that.
So let's think.
Okay.
So let's go to App Store Connect and start building these products so we can
share it
with Superwall and allow you to monetize.
So I would make a new app from App Store Connect, new app.
We're going to call it CalAI.
Choose the language of English US if that is your main region.
I'm going to click the...
Huh.
It's not showing.
It's confusing.
Okay.
Anyways, I'm going to call the app name CalAI.
This US if that is your main region and then we are going to select the bundle
ID for some
reason.
Mine isn't showing, but I can always change it later and then call this CalAI
or whatever
else you want to call it and then just click full access and then make sure iOS
is selected
at the top.
We'll click Create.
Okay.
CalAI is taking my bad.
CalAI mafia test.
Okay.
Cool.
Now your app is made on the App Store and of course we're going to go through
this later
and optimize it in another module, but we'll go to subscriptions.
You click Create Subscription Group.
You call this Superwall and we're going to make our first subscription.
I'm going to call this yearly.
The product ID is going to be yearly 30 and we'll click Create.
The availability is going to be the entire world and the subscription price.
I'm going to say of like $29.99, which is like a solid, most optimal price for
this app.
That's based off all the testing that I can, as team have done over the past
year.
Later we will go through, have like really, really optimized Superwall and make
a bunch
of different products, put those products into paywalls and then A/B test that
and try
to find the highest LTV, the highest average order value, et cetera, et cetera.
But for now we'll just make one product.
The localization, this doesn't really matter, we're just going to call this
yearly subscription
to CalAI.
Okay, great.
Then we'll click Save.
And that should be fine.
Actually, I think we need an image.
For some reason they still make you do this.
Very confusing, very, very confusing.
But we'll add an image.
We'll just copy this and drag that in.
Okay, great.
Now this has to be submitted for review and of course we can't submit it for
review until
the app is finished.
So upon launch, I don't think you'll be able to monetize your app.
I think you need to wait at least like one version cycle.
So let's see, release 1.0 and 1.1, you can release the in app purchases.
For some reason, I don't know why Apple does this.
I don't know why there needs to even review subscriptions and pricing.
They just seem like a complete waste of time.
But hey, that's how they do it.
The most important thing you need to do here is copy this yearly first product
ID and for
every subsequent and future subscription you create, the product ID is how
Superwall will
identify this on the back and with App Store Connect.
So what we're going to do is go to Superwall and clicking Next, Next and then
adding products
on the left hand side.
So we'll click Add Products, paste in the product ID and then select the price
and trial and
period.
So we did $29.99, so we'll select that.
The period is the year and we'll click Save.
So now this is our first product.
It isn't like fully registered because Apple needs to approve it, but we can
now use it
to test our paywalls and fuck around.
So that's great.
So we'll go into paywalls, we'll click into this paywall and then on the left
hand side
click Products and then for the primary we'll just click the $29.99 a year.
Then we can remove the tertiary in the secondary and boom, we are good.
Click Save and publish some top right.
So as you can see it's now pulling the pricing.
It says $29.99 a year, only $2.49 a month.
Now when people click the big blue button, they are prompted to pay using Apple
Pay for
your app and that should be fully set up, which is great.
Okay, cool.
Okay.
All right.
So now we're going to put this all into practice.
Let me run you through the exact flow, how we're going to put it together and
how this
will work holistically.
So first we're going to go to Kali app, make sure onboarding view is the first
one.
I think for this example, this is very clear after the onboarding view and
after it's been
calculated.
Let's see when it's been calculated.
So it runs this command, which is on done.
On done is triggered.
Okay.
On done, finalize onboarding.
So we'll find this and then we will do superwall.shared.present view.
Let me just copy.
It's a registered placement, not present for you.
We'll paste that in here and then we'll import superwall kit.
And now we'll do this actually, just for example, we'll add state bar, private
bar,
clicked pwall equals false.
So now if this has been clicked because usually we can't test out superwall
until they approve
the product.
So if this has been clicked, we will do if people clicked if what was it again?
If clicked pay will equals false, we'll trigger this else if clicked pay will
equals true.
Actually, it should just be else this.
And then if else, it should present the content view.
So we'll do that.
Before that works, we need to make sure click paywall. toggle.
Great.
Okay, we'll just do this.
And then open paywall.
So now it should be this if, clicked paywall equals true.
Navigation link.
Label.
Access app.
And the navigation link should link to the main view, which is content view.
Okay, so now this should work.
This is like the full package right here.
So we'll have it onboarding.
So welcome to Kali.
Are you sure this is the user that's saying good?
Yes, let's do it.
Where am I starting from?
I'm a total beginner.
What's my primary goal to lose fat?
What's my target pace?
I'm going to say balanced.
How do you want to track?
I want to do a photo estimate.
I see on TikTok is fucking sick.
I want to play around with it.
Typical weekday activity.
I'd say some movement, not that much, but some movement.
How many workouts do I do a week?
I do fucking zero.
I don't know what I'm doing.
What tricks you up the most?
Probably late nights.
Actually weekends, I just drink, drink, drink and I get nowhere and I become
fat.
That's what I do.
Any thues I love or hate, I hate tuna.
Okay, if we nail this, what changes first?
I feel more cleaner, feel more confident, more energy focused.
This is very intentional language and I kind of created chatability to give
this kind
of response, but showing them the transformation of like, okay, if this app
works out, what
happens?
I get more energy focused.
I become more confident.
I look cleaner.
I perform better in training.
These are all direct results.
When you're prompted with a payroll for like 29, 9, 9 a year, you're like fuck
yeah.
I get all of this.
All I got to do is pay 30 bucks.
Now it is slightly misleading because it's still up to the person to make those
changes
in their own life.
Like the app just because you pay doesn't mean it's going to like fucking
transform overnight.
It still takes a time and dedication and grit, but this language really helps
sell the product.
So then you click finish, calculates your plan, boom, you get hit with the pay
wall.
Now obviously this is a little bit fast.
I would change it up at the end, but this is just for demonstration purposes,
hits you
with the paywall.
So now that trigger is done.
Let's hypothetically say I click continue and I pay.
Obviously we have this error because we can't find the product yet, which is
totally fine.
Obviously I expected that you click X out and now you see access app.
Oh, can I click it?
Click it.
Damn.
It's probably because that's in front, but let's say you did click it and you
did pay
what would happen now?
Well, you guessed it.
We're in the fucking app.
We paid for it.
We're in.
And now I can take a picture of my lasagna and Cal AI will estimate the
calories and
it's doing exactly what I paid for.
It works like a charm.
So you see everything we've just done in under like an hour has built us a
product that
hasn't on boarding, that convinces a user to finally pay.
We have a paywall that prompts the user to actually pay with a price that we
can A/B
test, et cetera.
And after the user is paid, they have access to the app and now they can use it
.
And it works and everyone's happy.
You've just made money.
You've just provided a great product experience.
And now people are using your app to better their lives.
Congrats, everyone.
We did it.
Now, obviously, this is not the end of the tutorial.
I'm going to get way more in depth with like building a way more polished
product.
But that's just kind of like the service level of what we're building here.
This is more of a demonstration of how easy it is.
There is more technical components in order to like log the subscription, to
track the
data, to make sure that actually looks good, to ask the right questions.
And I will be running through that.
But that's like the main part of the tutorial.
Just to show you how I got from zero to hero, I finally have a product that I
could actually
sell.
And even without like the payroll logic, you could probably fucking sell this.
By the way, all the GitHub links and all the code links will be in the
description or
in the document.
So find that.
And yeah, the next part of this, let's see what we're going through.
So we'll be going through database setup, which I'd say is important.
I'll get back to it.
Analytics, final cleanup and optimizations.
I'm going to spend a lot more time on the cleanup and optimizations to show you
how to
build like an actual solid robust app.
But yeah, that's it for this.
Congrats guys.